Updating notices across docs (#4722)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/debug-schema-names.md

You should find that the schema dbt is constructing for your model matches the output of your `generate_schema_name` macro.

> **Note:** Snapshots do not follow this behavior, check out the docs on [target_schema](/reference/resource-configs/target_schema) instead.

Reviewer: sugg: bold is for UI labels, etc . 

```suggestion
Be careful. Snapshots do not follow this behavior, check out the docs on [target_schema](/reference/resource-configs/target_schema) instead.
```
